for Panda and Leopard, the avg_within_distance to avg_between_class_distance of bag-of-word features is 0.554344, 
concat avg  0.221634 and mean avg 0.893918.
BOW's ratio is than texture concat and greater than texture mean. I think this result is what I expected. 

According to the formula, with the same across-image ratio, the higher our within-class average is, the higher the ratio, meaning our the images 
within the same class are less differentiable. Thus, concatentaion should have the highest ratio. This algorithm 
concatenates all filter response of the same image. If two figures of this animal are located at different positions
in their corresponding image, the regions with high-level gradients will could be placed far apart in two concatenations.
Thus, there is a good chance that the euclidean distance between two concatenations are high. Thus the ratio is high.

On the other hand, average-mean algorithm can deal with the issue that animals could be positioned in different
locations or angles. After calculating the means of gradients at different dimensions of the image, drastically 
decreasing the number of columns in the final response. Similar mean values could come from gradients from features 
at different positions. Also mean values of gradients from different classes of images could vary a lot with this
algorithm. Take Panda and Leopard for example, Leopard's complex pattern would give a higher mean gradient value
than the simplistic pattern on Panda. Thus the ratio is low.

The bag-of-word algorithm makes histograms of different features in an image, before normalizing it. Thus, what 
makes two histograms similar is how proportion of similar features across images. Unlike the concatenation,
this algorithm would not have high euclidean distances of two features if they are far apart in the image. However,
if one image copies another image's features, with a higher density, their feature histogram could look similar after
being normalized. Thus, it is possible for BOW to have low average between-class distance. Thus the ratio is intermediate.

The average mean algorithm should be the best descriptor. Since it keeps the distance within a class small and across classes
high. It successfully grasps the feature pattern of the same class of images, thus it is the most useful for matching 
similar images. 

